### Instructions for Setting Up On The Robot

On the Jetson Orin:

- Install ollama from jetson containers by following the tutorial: https://www.jetson-ai-lab.com/tutorial_ollama.html
- Pull gemma3 model weights by running "ollama pull gemma3"

On the NUC:

- Clone the fbot_agent_msgs repository in the ros2 workspace: https://github.com/fbotathome/fbot_agent_msgs
- Clone this repository (fbot_agent) in the ros2 workspace.
- Run script "./install_dependencies.sh"
- Update "./config/fbot_agent_config.yaml" with waypoints in the target environment.
- Include the ./launch/fbot_agent.launch.py from this package into some fbot_behavior launch with required navigation subsystems. The realsense must be publishing messages on the "/camera/camera/color/image_raw" topic.
- Query the agent by calling the "/fbot_agent/execute_command" service.
- The service type is "fbot_agent_msgs.srv.AgentCommand"
- Example:
```sh
$ ros2 service call /fbot_agent/execute_command fbot_agent_msgs/srv/AgentCommand "command: 'navigate to the dining room'"
```
- The robot will navigate to the waypoint named dining room, and the service will return a response with the string field 'response' set with a response generated by the agent.

### TODO

Some things need further investigation:

- The "fbot_agent_node.py" is not being updated with the llm model and camera topic parameters in "config/fbot_agent_config.py". These must be manually set in "fbot_agent_node.py".

### Instructions for Implementing Skills

To implement a new skill, follow these steps:

- Implement a new function in ./fbot_agent/agents/agent.py. The function must have a docstring explaining what it does to the agent, as well as it's input and output data types, so that it can reason about how to compose the different skills into a python program, in response to the given commands.
- Add the @tool decorator to the implemented function.
- Example: https://github.com/fbotathome/fbot_agent/blob/062d30b5f2debb4b826fdaab5731af2f15b95777/fbot_agent/agents/agent.py#L22
- Register the function by adding it to the list returned in AgentNode.get_tools() method in AgentNode class in the file ./fbot_agent/agents/agent.py.
- Example: https://github.com/fbotathome/fbot_agent/blob/062d30b5f2debb4b826fdaab5731af2f15b95777/fbot_agent/agents/agent.py#L184

### Currently Implemented Skills

The following skills have already been implemented:

- navigate_to_pose
- move_forward
- rotate

### Skills That Still Need to be Implemented

The following skills must be implemented:

- follow_person
- pick_object
- place_object
- speak
- listen